docs(sessions): Add docs for unhandled session status (#15086)
getsentry/sentry-docs: develop-docs/sdk/telemetry/sessions/index.mdx

  sessions ending in `exited` will be considered for session durations.
  A session is allowed to go to `exited` even if errors occurred.

> - `unhandled`: a session should be reported as unhandled under the following cases:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- `unhandled`: a session should be reported as unhandled in the following cases:
```

  - an unhandled error occurred and there is a natural session end (eg: end of HTTP request).
  - the application did not handle an error, but the language or framework prevented the process from terminating.

- `crashed`: a session should be reported as crashed under the following cases:

  - a complete crash of the application occurred (crash to desktop, termination).

>   - a user feedback dialog is surfaced to the user. After this, the SDK must start a new session as if it fully crashed.

Reviewer 2: is this specific to sentry's dialog?

- `abnormal`: SDKs are encouraged to always transition a session to `exited` or
  `crashed` if they can do so. For SDKs that are capable of always ending sessions, they should end a
  session in `abnormal` if they could not detect the application shutting down
  correctly. Examples for abnormal sessions:

  - a computer was shut down / lost power.
  - the user force closed an application through `kill -9` or the task manager.

  Abnormal session ends are normally to be recorded on application restart.

### Crashed, Unhandled, Abnormal vs Errored

> A session is supposed to transition to `crashed` when it encountered an a full 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
A session is supposed to transition to `crashed` when it encounters a full 
```

application crash and the process terminated. For applications that cannot fully
crash, such as a website, `unhandled` is more appropriate.
It's acceptable to transition to the `crashed` state if the user encountered an
error dialog.
For server environments where we create sessions for every incoming request,

> `unhandled` is basically like status code `500` internal server error.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
`unhandled` is basically like status code `500 Internal Server Error`.
```

Note that `unhandled` became supported on the server in v25.9.0, prior to that
`crashed` was used for all of the cases above.

> `abnormal` are sessions of which their fate is unknown. For desktop

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
`abnormal` are sessions where their fate is unknown. For desktop
```

applications, for instance, it makes sense to transition a session to `abnormal`

> if it was stored but the exit of the application was not observed but also did

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
if it was stored but application exit was not observed but also did
```
